Hi everybody and welcome back down this short lecture we're going to talk about how to import all classes
from a module with a simple line of syntax so we can import every class from a module using the following
syntax.
So from lecture 100 import and then we have our X asterisked symbol.
So you might remember it is from functions.
What we just need to do with the program we create in the last lecture is remove lecture that 100 from
our two instances.
Here we go.
That's done that's run.
There we go.
Simple enough.
I don't really recommend this approach because when it comes to errors and troubleshooting you won't
know which class is causing the error.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.